it's great to have you here you you look
fantastic
there's a lot of people here do you
remember you
[Music]
[Applause]
it was almost exactly one year ago you
made your television debut right in this
spot right here on this stage well how
are things been going since then oh my
god is crazy
it's pretty crazy has it been the
craziest 12 month period of your life
[Laughter]
it has been 12 months yeah I know it's
hard to it's really hard to fathom
because yeah you're all mom now you got
a little baby at home yeah yeah are you
enjoying that yes I am enjoying it it's
the best it's like oh my gosh
should have had you when I was a
teenager I think on Sunday you tweeted
something like will you be mad at me if
I got pregnant again I don't think
people would be mad about that
oh people have mixed feelings
do they have mixed feelings how many
kids do you want to have three or four
three or four that's a nice number yeah
and you don't feel like like oh I need a
rest for a while I need to take it easy
I do I do feel like I need a rest but
like oh my god like the happiness that
my baby brung me like it's just like I
could do this over and over again
was childbirth easier or harder than you
imagined it would be
it was totally harder she broke my
vagina Oh
that's good
that's a rude thing for her to do I was
always worried about stepping on a crack
and breaking my mother's back you know
why nobody told you about those things
somebody told me they were gonna stitch
my vagina nobody told you know like
people just be like oh you know when you
give birth it's gonna hurt but nobody
tells you they like your vagina yeah
that's where they're I came out of the
same spot really who is in the delivery
room with you oh it was like a lot of
people was my sister was my publicist my
baby father my dad my mother-in-law now
you say your baby's father but your
baby's father is your husband your
husband yeah my husband are you still
getting used to saying my husband is
that what's happening I mean I've been
sky book on hand my husband for a long
time I see well I'm not in public and
everything does the baby have your spunk
is the baby feisty like you are she's
very fake oh man I already see it coming
what cause is that I see she really is
very demanding and this is that of it
yeah well she's what three months old
right yeah so it's not like she can do
things for herself
my husband used to tell me like start
screaming and stop catching that
attitude when you pregnant cuz you're
gonna pass that to the baby yeah
are you like enjoying being famous
because your daughter's famous already
like but is it fun for you it's not it's
not no because you want to know
something like there's certain things
that I want to do with my daughter like
I want to go to the beach with my baby
right I want to take a stroll down the
street with my baby and this is like I
can because I just I don't know who's
next to me and who has certain
intentions and then I don't want to show
my baby out to the public right now to
protect her I'm not I'm not like
mentally ready I see so it's just like
paparazzi be everywhere even my baby
right now I gotta keep it very low-key
right thanks for watching if you like
that video click the subscribe button
and if you didn't like it will you hurt
my feelings